
1. About yourself - (Working with company with this many yrs & worked mostly on banking clients, currently also working with bank as TL)
2. Responsibilities as a TL - Assigning the Task to Team Members, Reviewing Reports, Discussion/meeting with appowners regarding vulnerabilities.

WEB APPLICATION:
1. Approach of testing for Web Application & what all things you will check & how will you start testing.
2. What is injection, how will you exploit & what will be impact of this on organization/bank.
3. Different types of Sqlinjection, how will you check & what is the mitigation.(Alwayz explain with example/scenario). Also gothrough manual exploitation using UNION or ORDER BY.
4. what is xss? Different types of XSS. How will you exploit it & how to mitigate it.(Alwayz explain with example/scenario) No need to give difinition, simply start with example.
5. What is Csrf? how will you exploit & what are the mitigation.
6. Is HTTPOnly can be bypasse? If yes, then how?
7. What is the significance of Secure flag?
8. What do you mean by hsts header.
9. What is cors & how it is exploited. What is the mitigation.
10. If suppose there are 2 scenarios 1. application is running on https & data is going in cleartext 2. Application is running on HTTP & data is going in encrypted format. Which of the scenarios you can say that it is safe?
11. What vulnerabiltiy you have found the most & is your favourite . (never say anyone vulnerability instead say not a favourite one but can say that how can you exploit that one particular vulnerability in different ways).
12. If client is not accepting any vulnerability then how will you convince him.
13. If suppose you have given reflected xss as high, but client says it won't impact much as it is just a one time click so the risk should be reduce to medium/low. How will convince him on this?
14. What is XST? What can be done using XST?
15. Fileupload? Different testcases & how to mitigate it.
16. CSV injection? How it happens & what will be the impact.
17. XEE Attack. Why it happens & what you can do with this. How to mitigate it.
18. What is 2nd Order Sql Injection? How it is exploited?
19. How will you diferentiate whether the XSS happened is DOM, Reflected/Stored?
20. If Suppose there is XSS on GET/POST Method. Is it valid? If Yes, then how to exploit & if Not, Then explain the reason.
21. What do you mean by session puzzling? How will you exploit it?
22. What is double submit cookie? how it mitigate application from CSRF?
23. Suppose if there is a .Net based application. You have given Parameter Manipulation point as HIGH & they are saying like it is not possible for us to do code level changes as we want to go live in next 2 hours. So what will you suggest them to mitigate Param Manipulation without any code level changes.
24. What other mitigations will you suggest for Sql Injection except Parameterized Query & Input Validation.
25. If application is already running on HTTPS, is there any need of Secure flag?
26. If Session is set properly & it is also getting validated properly then csrf is possible?

Mobile Application:
1. Approach of testing for Mobile Application. What tools you use for testing.
2. What all checks will you perform during static analysis.
3. What is ssl pinning? What are the ways to bypass it. Explain
4. If application is running on rooted device, what will be the impact or how it is vulnerable.
5. Bydefault value of Backup, Debuggable & Exported.
6. How to Exploit Backup, Debuggable & Exported?
7. How Mobile Testing is different from Web Application & WebAPI.
8. What is Webview? How will yuh identify the vulnerability & what all you can do if Webview is enabled.
9. what tool is used for Source code Obfuscation.
10. What if Read_External_Storage & Write_External_Storage permission is set? What will happen & how will you mitigate it.
11. What is content providers. How it works & how will you exploit it?
12. What if it is a business Requirement to use Read_External_Storage & Write_External_Storage permissions then what other mitigation will you suggest?
13. What is intent filter? what are its type & how will you exploit it?

API:
1. What is Webservices & where it is used.
2. How webservices is different from Web/Mobile Application?
3. Approach for testing. What tools you use during testing?
4. What is wsdl? It should be directly accessible or not? If not, then how to secure it?
5. What testcases will you perform during API testing.
6. How will you check for authentication? & what all mitigation will you provide for authentication?
7. Is Xss is possible in API?
8. What kind of vulnerabilities will you check for if you get API for testing.